Accessibility_auditing lesson: Rewrite some texts to be clearer (#25901)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: advanced_html_css/accessibility/accessibility_auditing.md

### Introduction

By now you should feel confident enough to start making your websites a little more accessible for a lot of users. In this lesson, you will learn how to check if you've correctly implemented your a11y features with the help of DevTools.

> ### Learning outcomes

Reviewer: I canceled my review from a few days ago but this one decided to stay. I guess it doesn't hurt to edit this :)

> ### Learning outcomes

Author: @ManonLef Thanks!

By the end of this lesson, you should be able to:

* Open the accessibility section within your browser's DevTools.
* Audit a web page with a third-party auditing tool.

### Accessibility DevTools

Using your browser's DevTools is beyond useful for several things, from checking the styles applied to a page to debugging code, but you already know that! Here's something you may not know: you can even use the DevTools to look at various accessibility features as well, which can be great as a sort of "quick audit". You can check contrast ratios (as we mentioned in a previous lesson), view various accessibility properties, and view the accessibility tree, to name a few features.

### Accessibility auditing

> There are plenty of third-party tools to audit the accessibility of a web page, each with its own pros and cons. Here, we're only going to mention three of those tools. By getting into the habit of auditing your web pages, you'll be able to track down any outstanding a11y issues that you may have missed. Whether you decide to utilize one of these tools or any other auditing tool you prefer, you should only focus on fixing issues related to the concepts introduced in this lesson for now. 

Reviewer 2: Just a nit for the last change:

```suggestion
There are plenty of third-party tools to audit the accessibility of a web page, each with its own pros and cons. Here, we're only going to mention three of those tools. By getting into the habit of auditing your web pages, you'll be able to track down any outstanding a11y issues that you may have missed. Whether you decide to utilize one of these tools or any other auditing tool you prefer, you should only focus on fixing issues related to the concepts introduced in this portion of the curriculum for now. 
```

I believe the original intention when this was written was to focus on the a11y concepts introduced overall in this part of the curriculum. So we should keep verbiage that expresses that.

Author: Agreed, I committed your suggestion.

### Introduction

> By now you should feel confident enough to start making your websites a little more accessible for a lot of users. In this lesson, you will learn how to if you've correctly implemented your a11y features with the help of DevTools.

Author: I removed the `by viewing accessibility tree.. audit pages... ` part of the original sentence (see the very first commit of this PR) because those are mentioned in `Learning outcomes` already. I thought it is enough for the Introduction to introduce what we are going to do in the lesson in a bigger picture rather than getting to the specific 'how's here. Feel free to edit it if you feel otherwise.

Reviewer 3: The prior wording makes far more sense in the terms of this lesson, as the discussed tools, axe and lighthouse are used to "check" implementation of a11y criterions and here, they are being discussed about- thus, we're discussing about tools that help to check for proper a11y guidelines.
@Eveieve

Author: @Lofty-Brambles Are you talking about these two particular commits? Or the very first one and the one I made very last?

Reviewer 3: The one change in line 2

Reviewer 2: I feel like we could probably redo this entire intro... Introductions can be difficult, but maybe instead of conveying "This lesson you'll learn XYZ" only to go into the next section which also says that, we could change how we convey the info. Maybe something like:

"By now you should feel confident enough to start making your websites a little more accessible for a lot of users. "How do I know if there are any more issues?" I hear you ask. "How can I inspect accessibility related properties of a specific element?" is another question I think I heard from the back. In this lesson we'll be answering both of these questions to help push your a11y skills over the top."

(Off the top of my head + trying to have some fun with it 😆 But basically we could probably tweak this intro a bit more than what it currently is)

Reviewer 2: @Eveieve in case you hadn't seen this, wdyt? I think what you have right now works, but if you wanted an alternative

Author: Hi @thatblindgeye, I think redoing the Introduction for this lesson makes sense because the Introduction works like a 'hook' in other lessons instead of merely repeating what we have in the Lesson overview.  I like what you have! 

I took some inspiration from your draft and come up with my version. 

`Now that you are equipped with the necessary knowledge to make your websites more accessible to many users, the question arises: How can we verify the correct implementation of a11y features? Are there any mistakes to be corrected, or potential improvements to be made?  In this lesson, we will address those questions to help push your a11y skills over the top.`

I wanted it to be concise and to the point yet inviting enough to grab the learner's attention. "By now you should be confident enough... " is a sentence I see often in other TOP lessons so I wanted to give it some variety. What do you think? 

If there's any suggestion you'd like to make, feel free to do so, both with your draft or mine. When I made changes to the Introduction, I mainly wanted to change it so that the paragraph itself is not confusing and not repeating itself. I think it's important to keep the writing non-complicated and concise. So if that's achieved, I'm flexible with other things.

Reviewer 2: Sounds good to me!

Author: Great, I'll commit this now!

Author: @thatblindgeye I edited the file and have `commit` the change. It's save to `Resolve conversation` for this review, right?

Reviewer 2: Yep you could! No real hard rule on that
